README.md, before:

# Ph.D  dissertation Repository

## Chapter

- [x] Chapter 1. Introduction
- [x] Chapter 2. Related Works
  - [x] Characteristic of Korean
  - [x] Word embedding
  - [x] Sequential labeling
  - [x] Keyword extraction (graph ranking, topic keyword)
- [ ] Chapter 3. Prudent space correction and influence noise level of training data
  - [x] Definition & Related works
  - [ ] proposed method : 설명이 부족함
  - [x] Evaluation : CRF 와의 비교
  - [x] Discussion
  - [ ] Conclusion
- [ ] Chapter 4. Enhancing part of speech tagging with unsupervised word extraction}
  - [ ] Word / Noun Extraction with statistic method
  - [ ] Subword embedding for word extraction
  - [ ] Enhancing tagger
- [ ] Chapter 5. Keyword Extraction
  - [x] Introduction
  - [x] Chapter 5.1. Graph ranking based method for homogeneous texts: KR-WordRank
  - [ ] Chapter 5.2. Clustering and classification based method for heterogeneous texts
    - k-means + clustering labeling 논문 정리
- [ ] Chapter 6. Topic extraction using unsupervised sequence segmentation
  - [ ] Proposed method. 현대차 논문의 토픽 모델링 응용. 실험부터 해야 함

Commit message:

Keyword. clustering based. labeler & postprocessor

README.md, after:

# Ph.D  dissertation Repository

## Chapter

- [x] Chapter 1. Introduction
- [x] Chapter 2. Related Works
  - [x] Characteristic of Korean
  - [x] Word embedding
  - [x] Sequential labeling
  - [x] Keyword extraction (graph ranking, topic keyword)
- [ ] Chapter 3. Prudent space correction and influence noise level of training data
  - [x] Definition & Related works
  - [ ] proposed method : 설명이 부족함
  - [x] Evaluation : CRF 와의 비교
  - [x] Discussion
  - [ ] Conclusion
- [ ] Chapter 4. Enhancing part of speech tagging with unsupervised word extraction}
  - [ ] Word / Noun Extraction with statistic method
  - [ ] Subword embedding for word extraction
  - [ ] Enhancing tagger
- [ ] Chapter 5. Keyword Extraction
  - [x] Introduction
  - [x] Chapter 5.1. Graph ranking based method for homogeneous texts: KR-WordRank
  - [ ] Chapter 5.2. Clustering and classification based method for heterogeneous texts
    - [x] Introduction / Initializer / Labeler / Postprocessor
    - [ ] Subword tokenizer to alleviate out of vocabulary problem
    - [ ] Performance
- [ ] Chapter 6. Topic extraction using unsupervised sequence segmentation
  - [ ] Proposed method. 현대차 논문의 토픽 모델링 응용. 실험부터 해야 함
